So how much time do I do in a year, this this again would be broken up
into. You know, when you're on a ship, you're not. You're underway
with the ship and the ship travels. U percent don't travel too much
when you're in ship's company on ship's company because you're traveling
with trip. Now the ship get underway and go in the Western Pacific.
You go into the Mediterranean and you see all these courts, and
that's a lot of great fun and a lot of great travel on It's still goes
back to John Paul Jones and joined the Navy and see the world lives
a lot of fun, a lot of travel when you're traveling with your with
your ship. Um, when you ensure duty, that could be different. That
could be depending upon where you go for your short. It could be little
war. There could be a lot of travel. Um, on one of my short tours,
I was at the Naval Postgraduate School. I really didn't travel
too much there. I did travel twice to do work associated with my thesis.
So I had a thesis research and I have to travel a little bit Thio
Washington and to the Midwest for two shores. Um, for my other tour
short tour. I was assigned to the Office of Military Affairs at the
Central Television, and I did a lot of exercises. Well, these were
worldwide global exercises, so, frankly, a lot of lot of travel there.
So if you're looking forward to a lot of trouble when your shorty
you want to look for an exercise shop, get you around and you'll
get to go to a lot of conferences. A lot of exercise is a lot of travel,
so it can be had. You can do a lot of trouble or you can not do
a lot of travel depends on your choices that it depends on how you
execute those choices.